Published Time: Mon, 16 Mar 2026 19:34:26 GMT

# Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 1 Password/Username Incorrect. Please remember that usernames and passwords are case-sensitive. Sent by login screen when the username and/or the password are incorrect. 2 Access to page denied. The user has attempted to access a page they don't have permission to access. 3 Transaction type [type] not supported. Please contact support. Is returned by /console/vterm.php when an unknown transaction type (sale,credit,etc) is attempted. 4 Processing gateway currently offline. Please try back in a few moments. Return by processing engine when the gateway cannot establish a connection with the processing backend. 5 Error in verification module [module]. Please contact support. The given fraud module was did not load correctly. An upgrade may be in progress. 6 Merchant not found. The system was not able to locate the requested merchant. 7 Merchant has been deactivated. Merchant account has been marked as deactivate. Contact USAePay customer service. 8 Unable to retrieve current batch. Failed to get the id of the current batch. Typically this indicates that the merchant account is not active or batches are out of sync. Verify all merchant account info provided to usaepay. 9 Unable To Create Transaction. Please Contact Support. Internal database error, system may be in the process of failing over to backup database server. Retry transaction. 10 Unable To Allocate Transaction Slot. Please contact support. Internal database error, system may be in the process of failing over to backup database server. Retry transaction. 11 Invalid Card Number (1) The cardnumber contains illegal characters. A card number may only include numbers. 12 Card Number was not between 13 and 16 digits Cardnumber was not between 13 and 16 digits 13 Invalid Card Number (3) Cardnumber failed Luhn Mod-10 Checkdigit Method (ISO 2894/ANSI 4.13) 14 Invalid Credit Card Number (1) Cardnumber passed length, format and checkdigit tests but didn't match any of the cardnumber profiles enabled in the system. Contact USAePay to verify support of cardtype. 15 Invalid expiration date. Must be in MMYY format. (1) Expiration contains invalid characters (nothing but numbers allowed) 16 Invalid expiration date. Must be in MMYY format. (2) Could not guess format of date. It wasn't MMYY or MMYYYY or MMDDYYYY or even MMDDYY format. 17 Credit card has expired. The credit card expiration date has passed. 18 Gateway temporarily offline. Please try again shortly. Unable to contact processor backend. Failed bank link maybe in the process of coming back up. Retry transaction. 19 Gateway temporarily offline for maintenance. Please try again in a few minutes. Processor backend is offline for maintenance. Retry transaction. 20 User not configured correctly, please contact support. User not configured correctly. Remove the user and readd. 21 Invalid username. The merchant didn't type in a valid username when adding a new user. 22 You do not have access to this page. The user tried to access a page they don't have permission to access. 23 Specified source key not found. The source key provided did not match any of the currently active keys. 24 Transaction already voided. The transaction was already marked as voided and wasn't going to be settled anyway. 1 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 25 Unable to find transaction in batch. The batchid on the transaction references a batch that doesn't exist. If there isn't a valid batch then trying to void a transaction isn't going to do much 26 The batch has already been closed. Please apply a credit instead. The specified transaction has already been settled. Once a transaction has been sent in for settlement it can not be voided. 27 Gateway temporarily offline. Please try again shortly. (2) Error communicating with the processing backend. Retry transaction. 28 Unable to verify source VerifySource couldn't find the source or the source was disabled 29 Unable to generate security key. VerifySource wasn't able to create a source on the fly. Trouble finding a key. 30 Source has been blocked from processing transactions. Merchant has disabled the specified source key. 31 Duplicate transaction, wait at least [minutes] minutes before trying again. The duplicate transaction fraud module detected a dupe. 32 The maximum order amount is $[amount]. Fraud module response 33 The minimum order amount is $[amount]. Fraud module response. 34 Your billing information does not match your credit card. Please check with your bank. AVS Response fraud module blocked this transaction. 35 Unable to locate transaction Was not able to find the requested transaction for voiding. 36 Gateway temporarily offline for maintenance. Please try again in a few minutes. VeriCheck link has been brought down for maintenance. Retry transaction. 37 Customer Name not submitted. Cardholder field was blank 38 Invalid Routing Number. Check Routing number did not meet requirement of 9 digits 39 Invalid Checking Account Number. Check Account number is not atleast 4 digits long 40 Merchant does not currently support check transactions. The merchant doesn't have a valid tax id or password entered for check processing. 41 Check processing temporarily offline. Please try again shortly. Internal system error encountered while communicating with check processor. Please contact USAePay support. 42 Temporarily unable to process transaction. Please try again shortly. A corrupted response (unparsable) was received from vericheck 43 Transaction Requires Voice Authentication. Please Call-In. Processor returned a referral. 44 Merchant not configured properly (CardAuth) The merchant has payment authentication enabled but does not have a processorid/merchantid entered 45 Auth service unavailable. Internal system error was encountered while connecting to authentication platform. Contact USAePay support. 46 Auth service unavailable (6). A corrupted response was received from the authentication platform. 50 Invalid SSN. Social Security number must be 9 digits. 70 Transaction exceeds maximum amount. Transaction exceeds the maximum allowable amount of $99,999. 71 Transaction out of balance. Transaction does not add up correctly. subtotal + tip + tax + shipping - discount must equal the amount. 80 Transaction type not allowed from this source. The requested command (sale, authonly, etc) was blocked by the merchant's source key. The command must be checked on source key settings screen to be accepted by the gateway. 2 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 81 Unable to apply changes, please retry. Failed to commit changes to transaction. Possible locking or db syncing problem. Contact support. 82 Check transactions can not be voided. Check transactions cannot be voided (canceled) due to the process flow of check transactions. Contact the check processing company or issue a reversal. 83 Transaction not approved Only approved transactions may be voided 84 Pin code required for credit/void The credit/void command requires that the source key be configured with a pin. 85 Invalid expiration date. Must be in MMYY format. (3) The month was not in the range of 1-12. This could be because the expiration was sent as YYMM. Valid expiration date must be sent as MMYY 91 Card not accepted by merchant, please try a different card Card Level result fraud module blocked this transaction. 92 Card not accepted by merchant, please try a different card Bin Type Blocker fraud module blocked this transaction 93 Duplicate transaction in progress, please try again A duplicate transaction is currently processing, if it approves folding will apply. Merchant should try the transaction again in a minute 101 The batch is in the process of closing. Changes cannot be made to batch if its in the process of closing. 102 Transaction is not currently voided. Transaction must be voided already to be unvoided. 103 Transaction has already been settled. Changes cannot be made to a batch once it has been settled. 104 Transaction not a full sale in the current batch Only full sales that are in the currently open batch can be queued. 105 Override not available for requested transaction. Merchant requested a transaction override on a transaction that either does not support overrides or does not require an override. 106 Unable to create customer from requested transaction System was unable to convert the requested tran into a customer. The original transaction data might not be sufficient. 107 Transaction type not supported Only successful sales and credits can be used to create customers from. 108 Valid AuthCode required for PostAuth A PostAuth (offline transaction) requires a valid authcode 109 Transaction not supported (debit) Merchant does not have support for Debit cards. Contact customer service to enable processing of debit cards. 110 Invalid pin block Blank or Invalid DUKPT block for pin debit transaction 111 Missing track data Pin Debit transactions require the sending of track 2 mag data 112 Transaction not permitted The merchant or user is not configured to process the requested transaction type. 113 Refund not permitted, original sale not found The merchant is configured to only permit refunds when an offsetting sale is present. Refund was blocked because original transaction was not found. 114 Refund not permitted, amount exceeds original sale The merchant is configured to only permit refunds when an offsetting sale is present. Refund was blocked because the amount requested for the refund exceeds the sale amount 115 Refund not permitted, original sale not settled The merchant is configured to only permit refunds when an offsetting sale is present. Refund was blocked because original sale has not settled yet 116 Refund not permitted, original sale was authorized offline The merchant is configured to only permit refunds when an offsetting sale is present. Refund was blocked because original sale was an offline authorization (postauth) 3 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 117 Transaction type is not voidable. Issue refund instead. Transaction is of a type that is not voidable. This means that the transaction can't be canceled. The merchant should issue a refund transaction instead. 118 Funds can not be released for this transaction The transaction type does not support releasing funds or the transaction has passed the time limit for releasing funds. Contact the card issuing bank for assistance releasing a hold on the customers card 119 Unable to create customer payment method from requested transaction System was unable to convert the requested tran into a customer payment method. The original transaction data might not be sufficient. 120 Cardholder state or zipcode is required To process transation, the billing state or zipcode is required. 200 Merchant does not currently support invoice transactions The merchant is not configure to process invoice transactions 201 Requested payment method not found The payment method specified was not valid. 202 Invalid payment method Requested payment method does not support invoicing 203 Insufficient Funds Transaction would exceed the maximum invoice balance 209 Unable to process transaction Unexpected processor error occured. 300 Merchant does not currently support transaction type The merchant is not configure to process stored value transactions 301 Requested payment method not found The payment method specified was not valid. 302 Invalid payment method Requested payment method does not support stored value transactions 303 Insufficient Funds Transaction amount exceeds the available stored value balance 309 Unable to process transaction Unexpected processor error occured. 400 Secure Vault Payments are not available Merchant is not configured to accept secure vault payments. Contact customer support. 401 Selected bank is not available The SVP Bank ID that was specified was not found in the list of valid financial institutions for selected merchants 402 Unable to retreive list of banks. An error occurred while trying to retreive bank list from SVP. 451 Error communication with SVP processor Expected data not present in SVP response 452 Unable to locate transaction Unable to locate transaction for SVP 453 Incorrect transaction type Specified transaction is not a secure vault payment 501 Ach transaction type [type] not allowed Check processor returned error indicating that the merchant does not support the ACH transaction (file) type 502 Received error from check processor Check processor returned unmapped errror 503 Unable to pull tracking code. Transaction is not voidable. Transaction identifier for transaction was not found. 504 Transaction is not voidable. Transaction does not meet criteria set by check processor for a transaction that can be voided. For example, the original transaction was not approved. 505 Transaction has already been voided. Transaction is already marked as voided 506 Check processing not setup correctly Check processor rejected merchants credentials 507 User not authorized Check proces reject the merchants username 4 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 508 Invalid Ach transaction type [type] Check processor returned error indicating that the ACH transaction (file) type was invalid 509 Invalid routing number The routing number entered was not found in the database of valid routing numbers 510 Insufficent Funds (RPS) Check processor (RPS) has declined transaction due to previous return on account for insuffencient funds 511 Duplicate Check (RPS) Check processor (RPS) has declined transaction due to a duplicate check 512 Declined - Stop Payment (RPS) Check processor (RPS) has declined transaction because a stop payment was issued by this account 513 Account Closed (RPS) Check processor (RPS) has declined transaction because the account has been closed 514 Stolen/Forged Checks (RPS) Check processor (RPS) has declined transaction because the account has reported stolen/forged checks 515 Transaction Declined (RPS) Check processor (RPS) has declined transaction, no reason provided. Check with check processor for further details. 601 Invalid card reference token The cardnumber field appears to be a card reference token but the token does not exist 602 Invalid card reference token (2) The specified card reference token exists but the token is no longer valid 603 Failed to store card reference token An error occured while trying to store the card data. Try request again. 604 Invalid card lookup A valid card lookup string was not provided 605 Card reference token not found The lookup string did not match any credit card reference tokens 606 Unable to retrieve card reference token An unexpected system error occurred. Please try request again. 2034 Your billing address does not match your credit card. Please check with your bank. The AVS result received from the platform was blocked by the Merchants fraud preferences. Funds were not held for this transaction. 9001 Processor temporarily unavailable. Processor returned an unexpected error. Contact support for assistance. 10001 Processing Error Please Try Again Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Transaction Code 10003 Merchant does not accept this type of card (1) Error from FDMS Nashville: Terminal ID not setup for settlement on this Card Type. 10004 Merchant does not accept this type of card (2) Error from FDMS Nashville: Terminal ID not setup for authorization on this Card Type 10005 Invalid Card Expiration Date Error from FDMS Nashville: Terminal ID not setup for settlement on this Card Type. 10006 Merchant does not accept this type of card (3) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Process Code, Authorization Type or Card Type. 10007 Invalid amount Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Transaction or Other Dollar Amount. 10008 Processing Error Please Try Again (08) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Entry Mode. 10009 Processing Error Please Try Again (09) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Card Present Flag. 10010 Processing Error Please Try Again (10) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Customer Present Flag 10011 Processing Error Please Try Again (11) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Transaction Count Value. 5 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 10012 Processing Error Please Try Again (12) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Terminal Type. 10013 Processing Error Please Try Again (13) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Terminal Capability. 10014 Processing Error Please Try Again (14) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Source ID. 10015 Processing Error Please Try Again (15) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Summary ID. 10016 Processing Error Please Try Again (16) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Mag Strip Data. 10017 Invalid Invoice Number (17) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Invoice Number. 10018 Invalid Transaction Date or Time (18) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Transaction Date or Time. 10019 Processing Error Please Try Again (19) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid bankcard merchant number in First Data database 10020 Processing Error Please Try Again (f20) Error from FDMS Nashville: File Access Error in First Data database. 10026 Merchant has been deactivated (26) Error from FDMS Nashville: Terminal flagged as Inactive in First Data database. 10027 Invalid Merchant Account (27) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Merchant/Terminal ID combination, verify numbers are accurate. 10030 Processing Error Please Try Again (30) Error from FDMS Nashville: Unrecoverable database error from an authorization process (usually means the Merchant/Terminal ID was already in use). 10031 Processing Error Please Retry Transaction (31) Error from FDMS Nashville: Database access lock encountered, retry transaction. 10033 Processing Error Please Try Again (33) Error from FDMS Nashville: Database error in summary process, retry transaction. 10043 Sequence Error, Please Contact Support (43) Error from FDMS Nashville: Transaction ID invalid, incorrect or out of sequence. 10051 Merchant has been deactivated (51) Error from FDMS Nashville: Terminal flagged as not useable (violated) in First Data database, Call Customer Support. 10054 Merchant has not been setup correctly (54) Error from FDMS Nashville: Terminal ID not set up on First Data database for leased line access. 10057 Merchant does not support this card type (57) Error from FDMS Nashville: Terminal is not programmed for this service, Call Customer Support 10059 Processing Error Please Try Again (59) Error from FDMS Nashville: Settle Trans for Summary ID where earlier Summary ID still open 10060 Invalid Account Number (60) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid account number found by authorization process 10061 Processing Error Please Try Again (61) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid settlement data found in summary process (trans level) 10062 Processing Error Please Try Again (62) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid settlement data (i.e., 'future' date found, erroneous Pserve data found) (summary level) 10080 Processing Error Please Try Again (80) Error from FDMS Nashville: Invalid Payment Service data found in summary process (trans level). 10098 Processing Error Please Try Again (98) Error from FDMS Nashville: General System Error. 10099 Session timed out. Please re-login. Session timed out, (checkout timeout setting). 10100 Your username has been locked for excessive login attempts. The user failed login too many times. Their account has been locked for 60 minutes. 6 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 10101 Your username has been locked due to inactivity for 90 days. Please contact support to unlock your username. PCI requires locking of accounts that have not been accessed in the past 90 days. 10102 Unable to open certificate. Unable to load reqired certificate. Contact Support. 10103 Unable to read certificate. Unable to load reqired certificate. Contact Support. 10104 Error reading certificate. Unable to load required certificate. Contact support. 10105 Unable to find original transaction. A capture or void operation was not able to locate the original transaction. 10106 You have tried too many card numbers, please contact merchant. The transaction was blocked by the MultipleCardTries module. 10107 Invalid billing zipcode. The ZipCodeVerification module was not able to locate the billing zipcode. 10108 Invalid shipping zipcode. The ZipCodeValidation fraud module was not able to find module. 10109 Billing state does not match billing zipcode. ZipCodeVerification database came up with a conflict 10110 Billing city does not match billing zipcode. ZipCodeVerification database came up with a conflict 10111 Billing area code does not match billing zipcode. ZipCodeVerification database came up with a conflict 10112 Shipping state does not match shipping zipcode. ZipCodeVerification database came up with a conflict 10113 Shipping city does not match shipping zipcode. ZipCodeVerification database came up with a conflict 10114 Shipping area code does not match shipping zipcode. ZipCodeVerification database came up with a conflict 10115 Merchant does not accept transactions from [country]. IpCountry module blocked transaction 10116 Unable to verify card ID number. CVV2, CID, etc result was blocked by CVVresponse fraud module. 10117 Transaction authentication required. The merchant has set a pin for this transaction but the api did not receive a UMmd5hash. They need to either upgrade their software to send the hash or they need to remove the pin on the source. 10118 Transaction authentication failed The UMmd5hash did not match the hash that was calculated for the transaction. 10119 Unable to parse mag stripe data. Could not determine the mag data format that was sent in. 10120 Unable to locate valid installation. Please contact support. A wireless transaction came in with an install id that wasn't found in the system. 10121 Wireless key disabled. Please contact support. The install id submitted has been deleted/disabled. 10122 Wireless key mismatch. The wireless key submitted does not correspond to the source id created for this installation. 10123 Success Operation was successful. 10124 Unsupported transaction type. Only authonly, sales and voids may be captured. An attempt was made to settle a transaction that can not be captured. This error will occur if you attempt to capture an echeck transaction. 10125 Original transaction not approved. You are trying to capture (settle) a transaction that was declined or resulted in an error. You can only capture approved transactions. 10126 Transactions has already been settled. You are trying to capture a transaction that has already been settled. 10127 Card Declined (F) Hard decline from First Data. 7 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 10128 Processor Error ([response]) Unknown reponse code from First Data Nashville. 10129 Invalid transaction data. PHP Library detected missing or invalid fields. 10130 Libary Error: CURL support not found PHP Library was not able to find curl support. You must compile php with curl and openssl. 10131 Libary Error: Unable to initialize CURL PHP Library was unable to initialize CURL. SSL support may be missing or incorrectly configured. 10132 Error reading from card processing gateway. PHP Library was received a bad response from the gateway. 10133 Amount exceeds original transaction amount. Credits processed by refnum can not exceed the dollar amount of the original transaction. 10134 Original transaction not an approved sale Credits via refnum may only be applied against an approved sale. If the sale has been voided, the credit cannot be applied 10135 Unable to locate merchant Unable to map to merchant's database. Unexpected error requiring support attention 10136 Original transaction not approved. You are trying to run a quicksale/quickcredit on a transaction that was not approved. Only successful transactions may be used for quicksale/quickcredit 10137 Invalid transaction authorization information The UMhash was not in the correct format. See the transaction api documentation for proper UMhash formatting 10138 Unsupported transaction authorization request The hashing method indicator was not one that is supported currently. Please refer to the transaction API for the list of support hashing methods. 10139 Transaction declined (fp) Transaction exceeds the threshold for fraud risk. 10140 Host blocked due to excessive authentication failures. Contact support. Host has failed to login to many times and is blocked for 1 hour 10141 Specified currency does not match original transaction currency Merchant tried to capture with a currency different than that of the original transaction or merchants domestic currency. You may not change the currency between the auth and settlement. 10142 Transaction Authorization has expired The authorization has exceeded the allowed time configured by merchant. 10143 Invalid session key The session key that was provided for the transaction is not valid. Only session keys generated by the gateway may be used. 10144 Invalid card data Unable to decrypt card data. Contact integration support for assistance 10151 Insufficient funds Card was approved for a partial amount but the client software did not indicate support for partial approval amounts 10160 You have tried this card too many times, please contact merchant. The transaction was blocked by the MultipleCardTries module. 10204 Pickup Card (F04) FDMS Hard Decline 10205 Do not Honor (F05) FDMS Hard Decline 10212 Invalid Transaction (F12) FDMS Hard Decline 10214 Invalid Account Number (F14) FDMS Hard Decline 10215 Invalid Issuer (F15) FDMS Hard Decline 10225 Unable to locate Record (F25) FDMS Hard Decline 10251 Insufficient funds (F51) FDMS Hard Decline 10255 Invalid Pin (F55) FDMS Hard Decline 10257 Transaction not permitted (F57) FDMS Hard Decline 10262 Restricted Card (F62) FDMS Hard Decline 10265 Excess withdrawal count (F65) FDMS Hard Decline 8 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 10275 Allowable number of pin tries exceeded (F75) FDMS Hard Decline 10277 Previous messages data inconsistent (F77) FDMS Hard Decline 10278 No checking account (F78) FDMS Hard Decline 10279 Already reversed by switch (F79) FDMS Hard Decline 10280 Invalid date (F80) FDMS Hard Decline 10282 Incorrect CVV (F82) FDMS Hard Decline 10284 Invalid Authorization life cycle (F84) FDMS Hard Decline 10293 Transaction can not be completed, violation of law (F93) FDMS Hard Decline 10297 Declined for CVV failure (F97) FDMS Hard Decline 15000 Transaction Declined Platform returned a decline code that did not map to a known decline code 15001 Invalid merchant platform settings FDMS North merchant data is invalid or incomplete. Check merchant setup. 15002 Unable to load batch, please contact support FDMS North batch closure issue, contact support. 15099 Unable to process transaction FDMS North returned an unmapped error message 15100 Card Declined FDMS North Hard Decline 18000 System error finding tickets An error was encountered while searching tickets. Retryable. 18001 Ticket Not Found TicketID did not match any tickets. Verify that the correct merchant is being used. 18002 Ticket has been cancelled Ticket has been cancelled (transaction was voided or refunded). 18003 Ticket already checked in Ticket has been checked in already. 18004 Error checking in ticket An error was encountered while checking in ticket 18005 Invalid EventID EventID was not properly formatted 18006 Invalid EventID EventID does not belong to the merchant 18007 EventID not specified The required parameter EventID was not present 18008 Event not found EventID was not found. 18009 TicketID not specified The required parameter TicketID was not present 18010 No tickets found No tickets found for event 19000 Unable to save application. Database fault saving application, try again or contact support. 19001 The field '[field]' is required. A required field was left blank. 19002 Requested application not found. The requested application ID could not be found. (Or the application ID does not match the reseller specified by the key) 19003 Requested merchant not found. The requested Merchant ID could not be found. (Or the Merchant is not assigned with the reseller specified by the key) 19004 Unable to save merchant. Contact support. A database fault occured. Try again or contact support. 19005 Requested merchant was deleted and is no longer active. Requested merchant has already been deleted. 19006 Invalid search criteria. Improperly constructed search criteria. Either a field was not allowed or the type was not valid. 19010 Invalid [date] date. Date should be in YYYY-MM-DD format 19011 Start date not before end date Invalid start and end dates. The start date must occur before the end date. 19012 Unable to perform currency conversion: [reason] Contact customer service for more information on error. 19013 Currency is not supported by merchant Currency is not supported by merchant 9 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 19014 Email address '[field]' not valid The email address entered was not a valid email address. Check formatting. 19015 Email address '[field]' not valid DNS verification of email address failed. Double check the domain name. 19016 Requested credit card platform not supported The CreditCardPlatform was not found in the list of supported platforms 19017 Requested credit card industry not supported The CreditCardIndustry was not found in the list of supported industry types 19018 Requested electronic check platform not supported The eCheckPlatform was not found in the list of supported platforms 19019 Requested check platform not supported The eCheckPlatform was not found in the list of supported platforms. 19020 Billing package not found. Specified billing package was not found. Double check the list of valid billing package names. 19021 Permission denied Reseller does not have permissions to perform the requested action. Please contact reseller support to enable the requested feature. 19022 Permission denied Source key does not have permission to run the requested method. Merchant must edit their source key settings. 19031 Application has already been activated Application has already been activated 19032 Merchant creation failed An internal system error prevented the merchant account from being activated. Please try again or contact support. 20001 Specified transactions was not found. RefNum didn't match any of the merchants transactions. 20002 Invalid Security Token. Unable to parse the security token. Check the documentation for correct formating 20003 SSL Certificate Does Not Match Source The client SSL certificate must be a valid USAePay signed certificate and it must match the source key for which it was originally generated. Merchant should download the certificate again. 20004 Invalid search parameter. Message requires a properly formatted search parameter. See documentation. 20005 Host does not have authorization to use this Source. The sourcekey has ip restrictions turned on. The host connecting to system is not on the list of allowed ips. 20006 Specified Hash type not supported. An unknown hashing algorithm was specified in the PinHash portion of the security token. Currently only "md5" and "sha1" are supported. 20007 A pin is required to use this source key. The source key specified requires a pin for use. You must submit the PinHash component of the security token. 20008 Unable to validate request. Check pin and try again. The HashValue does not match check against the pin on file. Make sure the user entered the correct pin. If the correct pin is being used, double check that you are concatinating the source key, the seed and the pin with out any spaces or other characters inbetween. 20009 Unable to perform requested action An internal database error occured. Contact support for more information. 20010 Requested functionality requires the use of PIN for security purposes. Functions dealing with sensitive information must be validated using a pin. The source key used does not have a pin set. The merchant must update the source key to include a pin before accessing this function. 20011 Invalid search field '[field]' The specified field is not in the list of fields that can be searched on. 20012 Batch Upload not found The referenced batch upload was not found. Double check the value submitted for BatchNum. 10 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 20013 Batch Upload already completed The batch has already completed. You can't change the status of a batch that has complete 20014 Unsupported file format. Supported file formats are csv,tab and xml. 20015 Unsupported encoding method. Supported file encodin gs are 7bit, base64, uuencode. 20016 File data missing. No data was found in the data variable. 20017 Unable to decode data Unable to decode upload data using the specified encoding method. 20018 Missing field list No fields were listed. 20019 Unknown command Requested command was not a valid command 20020 Unknown field '[field]' Listed field was not found a valid transaction field 20021 Line [linenum] incorrecty formatted. Every row in the upload field must contain every field listed in the fields argument. The field may be left blank if its not used. 20022 Duplicate batch detected. Over 25% of the transactions are duplicates. The batch has been blocked as a duplicate batch. This can be overriden using the Override Duplicates option. 20023 Another batch is already running. To prevent a batch from being double submitted, the system only allows one batch to be queued up at a time. Please resubmit the batch after the currently running batch has been completed. 20024 Invalid command '[command]' on line '[linenum]' Invalid transaction command was specified in the upload file. Valid commands are sale, authonly, credit and check. 20025 Unabled to save batch upload Unable to save batch upload. Try again shortly. 20026 Positive dollar amount required A positive dollar amount required. 20027 Unknown comparison type [type] The supported comparison types are eq, dneq, gt,lt, gte,lte, contains and dncontain. Make sure you are using one of these 20028 Requested report not found Specified report was not located in the system 20029 Unable able to retrieve requested report Internal error generating report, contact support 20030 Requested receipt not found The receipt request was not found in the system. Double check the ID or name and try again 20031 Invalid content type ContentType must be either Text, HTML or Both 20032 Invalid receipt target Receipt Target must be either Email or Print 20033 Receipt name already used Receipt template names must be unique 20034 Error pulling receipt templates Internal server error pulling list of receipts, wait and try again or contact support 20035 Merchant does not have fraud profiling enabled Merchant does not have transaction fraud profiling service enabled 20036 API type not permitted Source key is not configured to accept transactions via this api 21001 Path not found Requested API path does not exist 21002 API authentication failed The API authentication failed because the hash/sig did not match 21100 There are no POS devices associated with this source key No devices have been regesitered to this source key yet. Register a device and try again 21101 POS device offline The POS device associated with this source key is not currently connected to the system. Try rebooting. 21102 Error communicating with POS device There was an issue communicating with the pos device. Try resetting the pos device. 21103 Check RequestID required Action requires a valid requestid 21104 Checkout request not found No checkout request matched the specified requestid 21105 Check out can no longer be updated The check out has progressed too far to be udpate 21106 Transaction already processed, amount can't be updated The transaction has already processed. To change the amount run an adjustment 11 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 30001 Merchant does not accept card type CardType Fraud Module: The credit card number submitted was not on the list of accepted types. 30002 Card issuer blocked, please try a different card BinRanges Fraud Module: The merchant has configured the BinRanges fraud module to block this credit card bin (first 6 digits of card number) 30003 Merchant does not accept card type The merchant is configured to only accept debit cards. The credit card number submitted was not a debit card 30004 Merchant does not accept this card, try a different card The card number was blocked because it was on either the merchant's or the universal block list. The error is generated by the CreditCardBlocker fraud module 40002 Account configuration error Request for non existant platform id. 40003 Error communicating with processor Request for non existant command. 40004 Error communicating with processor Backend was unable to load the requested command. 40006 Processor temporarily unavailable Connection called before it was initialized 40007 Processor temporarily unavailable Connection to processor failed. 40008 Processor temporarily unavailable All connections to processor are flagged as down. 40009 Unable to load transaction The backend was unable to pull transaction data. Its possible a database failover is occuring. Please retry transaction. 40010 Transaction has already been processed. The transaction has a status indicating that it has already been processed. 40011 Transaction exceeds maximum amount 40012 Failed to validate merchant id. 40013 Unable to load merchant. 40014 Merchant not configured correctly. 40015 Unable to load batch. 40016 Unable to load transaction data. 40017 Invalid transaction amount. 40018 Error communicating with processor. Blank response from processor link subsystem 40020 Unable to pull transactions 40021 Batch is empty 40022 Error sending transaction detail record 40023 Batch has already been closed 40024 Transaction has already been settled 40025 Transaction has not been previously authorized 40026 Batch is already in the process of closing Batch is already locked for closing. Usually this means that the batch is in the process of closing. If the batch stays locked for more than a few minutes, there may have been a problem closing the batch. Please check the batch status for more details or contact support. 40027 Unable to find requested batch. No batches matched the requested batchnum 40028 Error closing batch Backend returned error 40029 Invalid field name. An invalid field was passed in the search array. Check documentation for list of valid field names 40030 Customer Not Found Requested customer number not found. 40031 Error saving customer A database fault was encountered while saving customer record. Try operation again or contact support. 12 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 40032 Unable to parse date Improperly formatted date. Date must be formated YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS. 40033 Username and/or Password Incorrect 40034 Invalid merchant 40035 Only a master account can lookup cardnumbers 40036 Merchant Industry not supported. The merchant is configured for an industry that is not supported on the processing platform they are using. Contact customer service for assistance 40201 Incorrect transaction type Check processing was requested on a transaction that is not an echeck. 40400 Invalid Billing Amount A recurring charge must be atleast 0.01 and no larger than 99,999.99 40401 Unable to parse customer update data. The customer object was not able to parse the update data. Make sure you are passing an array where the array keys are the name of a field and values are the new value being set. 40402 Unknown field [field] The specified field was not a valid customer field. Check the documentation for a list of valid customer fields. 40403 Next billing date [date] is in the past The next billing date must not be in the past 40404 Unable to parse custom data Custom data must be sent as anarray, even if saving a single value. 40405 Invalid schedule Invalid schedule specified. Check documentation for a list of valid schedule designations. 40406 Invalid customer data object Check the soap documentation for the fields required to make a valid customer object 40407 Invalid payment method object Check the soap documentation for the fields required to make a valid payment method object. 40408 Payment details missing Customer payment method must have either credit card data or check data filled in. Payment method can not be created without one or the other. 40409 System temporarily unavailable Unable to load required resources to store transaction record. Retry transaction. 40410 Invalid check format specified Check format must be a valid 3 character format code or be left blank 40411 Payment method is not a check Account Type and Check Format may only be set on payment methods that are check. The default payment method is not a check. 40412 Invalid account type specified Either Checking or Savings account must be specified 40451 Unable to load customer payment method There was a problem parsing the credentials require to load a customer payment method object. Contact customer service. 40452 Invalid expiration date Credit Card expiration date was not valid. Error occurs when saving a customer payment method. 40453 Unable to locate requested payment method. The system was unable to load the requested payment method. Most likely the method was deleted by another processes. 40454 Unable to load payment method. The system was unable to load the requested payment method. Possible corruption issue. If possible, delete the method and resave. Otherwise, contact customer service. 40455 Error storing payment method record. The system was unable to store the payment method. Could be a temporary system issue. Try resaving payment method. 40456 Error storing payment method record. The system was unable to store the payment method. Most likely cause is that the payment method no longer exists. Check that the payment method has not been deleted by another process. 40457 No payment methods available The customer does not have any payment methods entered. 13 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 40458 Command type not supported by Payment Method The requested command is not supported by the specified payment method. (ie a Check:Sale was requested but the specified paymenth method was a credit card). Try leaving command or payment method id blank."; 40459 Payment method not added because verification returned a [response]:[errorcode]:[reason] Payment method not added to customer because the credit card data did not return an approval when running an authorization. This error can be bypassed by setting the Verify parameter to false. 40460 Payment method not updated because verification returned a [response]:[errorcode]:[reason] Customer payment method not updated because the credit card data did not return an approval when running an authorization. This error can be bypassed by setting the Verify parameter to false. 40470 No custom fields defined Merchant has not setup any custom fields 41001 Unable to create product database Merchant may not be configured for the product database feature. Check merchant plan. 41002 Product Not Found Product specified by ProductRefNum was not found 41003 Error saving product A database fault was encountered while saving product record. Try operation again or contact support. 41004 Unknown object The specified ObjectName was not recognized. Consult documentation for list of valid object names. 41005 Failed to delete product A database fault was encountered while deleting product record. Try operation again or contact support. 41006 Product Category Not Found Specified ProductCategoryRefNum was not found 41007 Error saving product categry System was unable to store product category. Try request again. 41008 Failed to delete product category System was unable to delete product category. Try request again. 41009 Failed to retrieve product categories System was unable to retrieve product categories. Try request again. 41010 Failed to retrieve product inventory locations System was unable to retrieve product inventory locations. Try request again. 41011 Product Inventory Location not found Specified inventory location not found 48000 VPAS auth failed 50001 Error - Call Issuing Bank (T01) Tsys Error Code 01 50002 Error - Call Issuing Bank Special Conditions (T02) Tsys Error Code 02 50003 Invalid Terminal ID / Merchant ID (T03) Tsys Error Code 03 50004 Hold Call - Pick up Card (T04) Tsys Error Code 04 50005 Declined Do Not Honor Card (T05) Tsys Decline Code 05 50006 Tsys General Error XXXX (T06) Tsys Error Code 06 50007 Hold Call - Pick up Card Special (T07) Tsys Error Code 07 50012 Error - Invalid Transaction (T12) Tsys Error Code 12 50013 Invalid Transaction Amount (T13) Tsys Error Code 13 50014 Error - Invalid Card Number (T14) Tsys Error Code 14 50015 No Such Issuer Exists (T15) Tsys Error Code 15 50019 Please Re-try Transaction (T19) Tsys Error Code 19 50021 No Action Taken - Unable to Back Out Transaction (T21) Tsys Error Code 21 50028 No Reply - File is Unavailable (T28) Tsys Error Code 28 50039 No Credit Card Account Found (T39) Tsys Decline Code 39 50041 Hold Card - Lost Card (T41) Tsys Error Code 41 14 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 50043 Hold Card - Stolen Card (T43) Tsys Error Code 43 50051 Insufficient Funds on Card (T51) Tsys Decline Code 51 50052 No Checking Account Found (T52) Tsys Decline Code 52 50053 No Savings Account Found (T53) Tsys Decline Code 53 50054 Exdpired Card (T54) Tsys Error Code 54 50055 Incorrect PIN (T55) Tsys Error Code 55 50057 Transaction is Not Permitted (T57) Tsys Decline Code 57 50058 Transaction is Not Permitted (T58) Tsys Decline Code 58 50061 Exceeds Withdrawl Limit (T61) Tsys Decline Code 61 50062 Invalid Service Code (T62) Tsys Decline Code 62 50063 Security Violation (T63) Tsys Error Code 63 50065 Activity Limit Exceeded (T65) Tsys Decline Code 65 50075 PIN Tries Exceeded (T75) Tsys Decline Code 75 50076 Unable to Reverse, No Match Found (T76) Tsys Error Code 76 50077 No Action - Invalid Data Sent (T77) Tsys Error Code 77 50078 No Account for Processing (T78) Tsys Error Code 78 50079 Already Reserved (T79) Tsys Error Code 79 50080 Invalid Date (T80) Tsys Error Code 80 50081 Cryptographic Error (T81) Tsys Error Code 81 50082 Error - Cash Back Limit Exceeded (T82) Tsys Error Code 82 50083 Can't Verify PIN (T83) Tsys Error Code 83 50085 Card OK - No Reason to decline (T85) Tsys Approval Code 85 50086 Can't Verify PIN (T86) Tsys Error Code 86 50091 No Reply - Issuer or Switch Unavailable (T91) Tsys Error Code 91 50092 Invalid Routing to Account (T92) Tsys Error Code 92 50093 Violation Cannot Complete (T93) Tsys Decline Code 93 50094 Duplicate Trans. Unable to Locate (T94) Tsys Decline Code 94 50096 Tsys Processor Down Temporarily, Please Retry (T96) Tsys Error Code 96 50127 Card Declined (T) Hard decline from Tsys 50128 Processor Error ([response]) Unknown response code from Tsys 56786 Card Type Verification Error (T CV) Tsys response code CV: card type verification error 56965 Error - Account Length Error (TEA) Tsys Error Code EA 56966 Error - Digit Check Verification Error (TEB) Tsys Error Code EB 56967 Error - Card ID Format Error (TEC) Tsys Error Code EC 57286 Invalid Merchant Account Configuration (T HV) Tsys response code HV: Hierarchy Verification Error 57851 Error - Cash Back Not Allowed (TN3) Tsys Error Code N3 57852 Insufficient Funds on Card (TN4) Tsys Decline Code N4 57855 Invalid CVV2 Number (TN7) Tsys Decline Code N7 58248 Customer Requested Stop on Recurring (TR0) Tsys Decline Code R0 58249 Customer Requested Stop on Recurring (TR1) Tsys Decline Code R1 15 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 58448 Check is OK but Can't Be Converted (TT0) Tsys Decline Code T0 58449 Check of OK but Can't Be Converted (TT1) Tsys Decline Code T1 58450 Invalid Routing Number (TT2) Tsys Error Code T2 58451 Amount Exceeds Customer's Balance (TT3) Tsys Decline Code T3 58452 Unpaid Items on Customers Account (TT4) Tsys Decline Code T4 58453 Duplicate Check Number Detected (TT5) Tsys Decline Code T5 58454 MICR Error (TT6) Tsys Error Code T6 58455 Too Many Checks Over Customer or Merchant Limit (TT7) Tsys Error Code T7 59001 Invalid merchant platform settings (TSYS) The merchant platform information for TSYS contains missing or invalid information. Contact customer service to correct. 59002 Error communicating with processor, please retry Connection was dropped will communicating with Tsys 64000 Unable to process transaction Vantiv returned an unmapped error message 64001 All available authorizers down Vantiv returned code 1, auth down - defined as D by Vantiv 64124 Error: Invalid merchant ID Vantiv returned code 124, merchant ID error - call 64138 Card not allowed Vantiv returned code 138, payment type not found in table 64601 Refer to card issuer Vantiv returned code 601, call operator 64603 Invalid merchant ID Vantiv returned code 603, inv merchant 64604 Pick up card Vantiv returned code 604, pick up card 64605 Do not honor Vantiv returned code 605, trans denied 64606 One or more errors in message Vantiv returned code 606, trans denied 64607 Pick up card Vantiv returned code 607, pick up card 64612 Invalid transaction Vantiv returned code 612, invalid transaction 64613 Invalid dollar amount Vantiv returned code 613, invalid dollar amount 64614 Invalid cardholder account Vantiv returned code 614, trans denied 64615 Invalid issuer Vantiv returned code 615, invalid issuer 64619 Re-enter transaction Vantiv returned code 619, re-enter transaction 64625 Unable to locate record Vantiv returned code 625, unable to locate record in file 64627 File update field edit error Vantiv returned code 627, File update field edit error 64628 File is unavailable Vantiv returned code 628, File is unavailable 64630 Format error Vantiv returned code 630, format error 64639 No credit account Vantiv returned code 639, trans denied 64640 Requested function is not available Vantiv returned code 640, function not avail 64641 Lost card - pick up card Vantiv returned code 641, lost card 64643 Pick up card Vantiv returned code 643, stolen card - pick up 64651 Insufficient funds Vantiv returned code 651, trans denied 64652 No checking account Vantiv returned code 652, trans denied 64654 Expired card Vantiv returned code 654, card expired 64655 Incorrect PIN Vantiv returned code 643, invalid pin 64657 Transaction not allowed Vantiv returned code 657, transaction not allowed to cardholder 64658 Transaction not allowed Vantiv returned code 658, transaction not allowed to terminal 64661 Purchase limit exceeded Vantiv returned code 661, maximum amount exceeded 64662 Restricted card Vantiv returned code 662, trans denied 64663 Security violation Vantiv returned code 663, security violation 16 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 64665 Account activity limit exceeded Vantiv returned code 665, trans denied 64668 Response recieved late Vantiv returned code 668, response late 64675 Exceeded PIN tries Vantiv returned code 675, exceeded pin tries - no capture 64676 Invalid/non-existent "to" account specified Vantiv returned code 676, bad "to" account 64677 Invalid/non-existent "from" account specified Vantiv returned code 677, bad "from" account 64678 Invalid non-existent account specified Vantiv returned code 678, Invalid non-existent account specified (general) 64691 Issuer/switch inoperative Vantiv returned code 691, auth down 64692 Unable to route transaction Vantiv returned code 692, auth down 64694 Duplicate transmission detected Vantiv returned code 694, duplicate trans 64696 System malfunction Vantiv returned code 696, auth down 64697 Transaction did not contain CVV2 data - retry Vantiv returned code 697, CVV2 data missing 64701 Honor with identification Vantiv returned code 701, honor w/id 64702 Declined Vantiv returned code 702, declined by issuer 64712 Network unavailable - please wait Vantiv returned code 712, network not available 64757 Declined Vantiv returned code 757, transaction not permitted to issuer/cardholder 64763 Security violation Vantiv returned code 763, security violation 65000 Unable to process transaction Paymentech returned an unmapped error. 65165 Cardholder Authentication Missing UCAF Data was indicated but not supplied 65200 Card Declined (P) Hard decline from Paymentech 65201 Transaction Requires Voice Authentication. Please Call-In. (P) Authorizer needs more information for approval. 65202 Card Declined - Hold Card, Call Hold Card from Paymentech 65203 Transaction Requires Voice Authentication. Please Call-In. (P2) Authorizer didn't respond within allotted time. 65204 Invalid Account/Card Number. (P204) Paymentech Error: Account #/mag stripe is invalid. 65205 Invalid Expiration Date. (P205) Expiration date is either incorrect format or prior to today. 65206 Invalid International Control Account number. (P206) Paymentech Error: Invalid International Control Account number. 65207 Invalid American Banking Association number. (P207) Paymentech Error: Invalid American Banking Association number. 65208 Invalid Personal ID Number [PIN] Entered. (P208) Paymentech Error: The Personal ID Number for a debit transaction is incorrect. 65209 Invalid Bank MID (P209) Paymentech Error: The Bank Merchant ID is incorrect. 65210 Invalid Term No. / merchant ID not valid. (P210) Paymentech Error: The merchant ID is not valid or active. 65211 Invalid Dollar Amount (P211) Paymentech Error: Amount is either: equal to 0, has no decimal, has decimal in wrong place, or has multiple decimals. 65213 Invalid Transaction Format. (P213) Paymentech Error: The transaction format isn't valid, typically invalid SIC code. 65214 Please Re-Try or Call In. Unable to Reach Auth. Center. (P214) Paymentech Error: Authorization center cannot be reached. 65215 Hold Card - Lost/Stolen Card. (P215) Paymentech Error: Card has been reported lost or stolen. 65216 Invalid Personal ID (P214) Paymentech Error: Personal ID code is incorrect. 17 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 65217 Amount Exceeds Card Limit (P217) Paymentech Error: Amount requested exceeds credit limit. 65218 Authorizer Denies Transaction. (P218) Paymentech Error: Transaction is not valid for this authorizer. 65220 Call Support. Fatal communications error. (P220) Paymentech Error: Fatal communications error. 65240 Do Not Honor. Card Not on File. (P240) Paymentech Error: Retail Issued account number does not exist. 65248 CVC2/CID Rejected by Issuer. (P248) Paymentech Error: CVC2 or CID data entered is not correct for the card. 65308 Invalid Card. MOD 10 Failed. (P308) Paymentech Error: Account #/mag stripe does not pass MOD 10 check. 65309 Invalid Terminal ID. (P309) Paymentech Error: Terminal ID not found in terminal file. 65310 Invalid Card Number Length. (P310) Paymentech Error: Account #/mag stripe is incorrect length. 65311 Invalid Terminal File. (P311) Paymentech Error: Host couldn't read terminal file within specified time. 65312 Invalid Card Number BIN. (P312) Paymentech Error: Account # can't be found in BIN table. 65313 Merchant/Store # Not On File. (P313) Paymentech Error: 12 digit merchant/store # not found in file. 65314 Processor Couldn't Read Store File (P314) Paymentech Error: Host couldn't read store file within specified time. 65315 Invalid Trans Code for Card Type. (P315) Paymentech Error: Tran Code not supported for that card type. 65317 Invalid Card. Discover Not Setup. (P317) Paymentech Error: Discover not set up for draft capture or no subscriber #. 65318 Invalid Card Length. (P318) Paymentech Error: Length does not match routing table specification. 65319 Invalid Amount. (P319) Paymentech Error: Transaction amount all zeroes. 65320 Invalid Format. Missing Field Separator for ETX. (P320) Paymentech Error: Missing field separator or ETX. 65321 Invalid/Missing Auth. Code. (P321) Paymentech Error: Authorization code is missing or incorrect on a prior sale. 65322 Invalid Industry Date. (P322) Paymentech Error: Industry specific data is incorrect. 65323 Invalid Transaction Class. Not F. (P323) Paymentech Error: Transaction class is not "F" financial. 65324 Invalid Market Specific Data Indicator. (P324) Paymentech Error: Market specific data indicator is not H, A, F or P. 65325 Invalid Duration. (P325) Paymentech Error: Duration is not 01-99 65326 Invalid Preferred Customer Indicator. (P326) Paymentech Error: Preferred customer indicator is not Y or N. 65327 Invalid Card Type Reversal. (P327) Paymentech Error: A Partial Reversal was attempted for a non-Visa card. 65328 Invalid Industry Incremental (P328) Paymentech Error: An incremental authorization was attempted for an industry other than Lodging or Auto Rental. 65329 Invalid Industry Incremental. (P329) Paymentech Error: An reversal authorization was attempted for an industry other than Lodging, Auto Rental or MO/PO. 65330 Invalid Incremental Reversal. (P330) Paymentech Error: An Incremental or Reversal authorization was attempted against a transaction that did not qualify for PSIRF. 65331 Invalid Folio Number. (P331) Paymentech Error: Folio number is not a 6 digit numeric field. 65332 Invalid Charge Descriptor. (P332) Paymentech Error: Charge descriptor field is not 2 digit numeric. 65333 Invalid Industry/No Show. (P333) Paymentech Error: A No Show transaction was attempted for an industry other than lodging or auto rental 18 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 65334 Invalid Card Type / Market. (P334) Paymentech Error: Market specific data is present for other than Visa card. 65335 Invalid Vehicle Number. (P335) Paymentech Error: Vehicle number is not 5 digit numeric field. 65336 Invalid Odometer Number. (P336) Paymentech Error: Odometer field is not 6 digit numeric 65337 Invalid Drivers Number. (P337) Paymentech Error: Driver number is not 6 digit numeric or 4 digit with 2 leading spaces. 65338 Invalid or Missing Order Number (P338) Paymentech Error: Order number is missing or contains invalid data. 65339 Invalid Combination of SIC/MO/TO. (P339) Paymentech Error: Invalid iTransaction Typei indicator for a mail order only SIC code under industry specific data. 65340 Reversal Already Exists. (P340) Paymentech Error: A second reversal authorization was attempted, only one is permitted. 65341 Invalid Reversal Amount. (P341) Paymentech Error: Reversal amount is invalid or greater than original authorization amount. 65342 Invalid PIN Cabability. (P342) Paymentech Error: PIN capability field contains invalid data. 65343 Invalid Authorization Characters. (P343) Paymentech Error: Auth Characteristics Indicator field contains invalid data. 65344 Invalid Transaction ID. Non-digits. (P344) Paymentech Error: Transaction ID field contains non-numeric data. 65345 Transaction ID Doesn't Match Original Auth. (P345) Paymentech Error: Transaction ID does not match original authorization. 65346 Invalid BankNet Ref. Number. (P346) Paymentech Error: BankNet reference number contains invalid data or does not match original authorization. 65347 Invalid Duration Value (P347) Paymentech Error: Duration field greater than 99. 65348 Market Specifier Doesn't Match CPS Type. (P348) Paymentech Error: Market specific data indicator does not match CPS type. 65349 Industry Code Doesn't Match CPS Type. (P349) Paymentech Error: Industry code does not match custom payment service type. 65350 Invalid Reversal Method (Manual) (P350) Paymentech Error: Incremental or reversal auths are not permitted for manual entry. 65353 Invalid SIC for Premier MasterCard. (P343) Paymentech Error: Must use a special SIC code to accept Premier MC cards. 65357 Retail Issued Account Not Valid. (P357) Paymentech Error: Retail Issued account number not valid for that Store number. 65358 American Express Not Supported by Merchant. (P358) Paymentech Error: Amex capture not equal to C, A or P or SE# missing. 65359 Diners Capture Not Allowed by Merchant. (P359) Paymentech Error: Diners capture not equal to C or D. 65360 Carte Blanche Not Allowed by Merchant (P360) Paymentech Error: Carte Blanche capture is not equal to C or D. 65361 JCB Not Allowed by Merchant. (P361) Paymentech Error: JCB capture is not equal to C or D. 65362 Invalid Electronic Commerce Data (P362) Paymentech Error: Invalid Electronic Commerce Data. 65376 Card Code Data Error (P376) Paymentech Error: CVD Data Error 65602 Please Re-try or Call In. Auth Center Not Reached. (P602) Paymentech Error: Authorization center cannot be reached. 65907 Batch not in balance 65999 Client Not Setup Properly (P999) Paymentech Error: Client identifier field is not on system. 66103 Exceeded timeout while waiting for batch confirmation from Vantiv Did not receive a confirmation of batch receipt from Vantiv after 180 seconds. Contact Vantiv to confirm batch status. 19 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 70001 Currency is required. Currency is required to processing on the Planet Payment platyform 70002 Error communicating with processor. Error communicating with planet payment. Have support check event log. 70003 Invalid currency code Verify that you are send a numeric currency code 70004 Invalid source currency selected The source currency specified was not valid. A 3 digit currency code must be entered. 70005 Invalid destination currency selected The destination currency specified was not valid. A 3 digit currency code must be entered. 70006 Unable to pull rate list: [reason] Error pulling rate from Planet Payment 70007 Merchant account does not have multi-currency support enabled. Merchant account does not have multi-currency support enabled. Contact customer service for details. 70008 Postal Code is required A postal code is required to process on Planet Payment 70009 Postal Code may not exceed 9 characters The maximum length of a postal code is 9 characters on Planet Payment 70010 Merchant not configured Merchant account is not configured correctly. Contact customer service. (Username missing) 70011 Merchant not configured Merchant account is not configured correctly. Contact customer service. (Password missing) 70012 Merchant not configured Merchant account is not configured correctly. Contact customer service. (Terminal ID missing) 70013 Unsupported Card Type Only Visa and Mastercard are supported by Planet Payment. Transaction must be processed domestically. 70014 Transaction rejected by processor Planet Payment returned an error code that could not be mapped. Consult the "reason" field for Planet Payment supplied error description. 70015 Error reading from processor Planet Payment returned a blank response message. Try transaction again or contact support. 70016 Error communicating with processor Planet Payment returned a malformed response that could not be parsed. Try the transaction again. 71005 Declined Do Not Honor Card Planet Payment Decline Code 05 71015 No Such Issuer Exists (PP15) Planet Payment Decline Code 15 71039 No Credit Card Account Found Planet Payment Decline Code 39 71051 Insufficient Funds on Card Planet Payment Decline Code 51 71052 No Checking Account Found Planet Payment Decline Code 52 71053 No Savings Account Found Planet Payment Decline Code 53 71057 Transaction is Not Permitted Planet Payment Decline Code 57 71058 Transaction is Not Permitted Planet Payment Decline Code 58 71061 Exceeds Withdrawl Limit Planet Payment Decline Code 61 71062 Invalid Service Code Planet Payment Decline Code 62 71065 Activity Limit Exceeded Planet Payment Decline Code 65 71075 PIN Tries Exceeded Planet Payment Decline Code 75 71093 Violation Cannot Complete Planet Payment Decline Code 93 71094 Duplicate Trans. Unable to Locate Planet Payment Decline Code 94 77786 Card Type Verification Error Planet Payment Decline Code CV 78852 Insufficient Funds on Card Planet Payment Decline Code N4 78855 Invalid CVV2 Number Planet Payment Decline Code N7 79248 Customer Requested Stop on Recurring Planet Payment Decline Code R0 79249 Customer Requested Stop on Recurring Planet Payment Decline Code R1 20 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 79448 Check is OK but Can't Be Converted Planet Payment Decline Code T0 79449 Check of OK but Can't Be Converted Planet Payment Decline Code T1 79451 Amount Exceeds Customer's Balance Planet Payment Decline Code T3 79452 Unpaid Items on Customers Account Planet Payment Decline Code T4 79453 Duplicate Check Number Detected Planet Payment Decline Code T5 80015 No Such Issuer Exists (15) RBS Error 0015: Bank Not Available 81001 Error reading from processor Receveived blank response from RBS WorldPay 81002 Error communicating with processor Received error while constructing message for RBS WorldPay 81003 Zero auth amount Processor returned an approval but a 0.00 authorized amount 81902 Batch out of balance RBSWorldPay Batch Error Code 00002: Batch Out of Balance 81999 Unexpected error closing batch RBSWorldPay batch error, unexpected actioncode 89000 Batch Rejected by Global (Unmapped Response) Global reject batch with an unmapped response code/action code. 89001 Batch not in balance (G0NB) Global reject batch with INV BAL/SETL action code. Check transaction amounts. 89103 Invalid Merchant (G003) Global Response code 003 89112 Invalid Tran Code (G012) Global Response code 012 89113 Invalid Amount (G013) Global Response code 013 89114 Invalid Cardnumber (G014) Global Response code 014. Cardnumber invalid or cardtype does not match transaction type (ie debit only card processing as credit card) 89119 Retry Tramsaction (G019) Global Response code 019. Retry the transaction. 89154 Incorrect Exp Date (G054) Global Response code 054. Expiration date enter is incorrect. 89155 Invalid Pin (G055) Global Response code 055. Invalid Pin or Encryption error. 89158 Unauthorized Transaction (G058) Global Response code 058. Merchant not setup for transaction type. 89175 Max Pin Retries Global Response code 075. Maximum PIN number entry attempts exceeded. 89191 Issuer Unavailable (G091) Global Response code 091. Issuer Unavailable 89194 Duplicate Transaction (G094) Global Response code 094. Transaction entered is dupe. 89201 System Unavailable (G0C1) Global Response code 0C1. 89302 Processor Error (G0N2) Global Response code 0N2 89303 Processor Error (G0N3) Global Response code 0N3 89304 Processor Error (G0N4) Global Response code 0N4 89305 Processor Error (G0N5) Global Response code 0N5 89306 Processor Error (G0N6) Global Response code 0N6 89307 Processor Error (G0N7) Global Response code 0N7 89308 Invalid Data (G0N8) Global Response code 0N8. Format of transaction data is incorrect. 89310 No Trans Found (G0NA) Global Response code 0NA. Reversal attempted on transaction that is not in open batch. 89402 DB Unavailable (G0P2) Global Response code 0P2. Global Payments is experiencing a problem 89405 Unauth User (G0P5) Global Response code 0P5. Merchant is not set up for debit. 89406 Invalid Card (G0P6) Global Response code 0P6. Invalid card number 89501 EDC Unavailable (G0T1) Global Response code 0T1. EDC application down, try later 89502 Processor Error (G0T2) Global Response code 0T2. 89611 Exceeds Max Amount (G121) Global Response code 121. Exceeds Max Amount 21 of 22 Error Messages Error ID User Message Technical 89612 Invalid CID (G122) Global Response code 122. American Express CID failure 89613 Transaction not allowed by card issuer, try a different card (G057) Global Response code 057. Transaction is not allowed by the card issuer 89999 Transaction failed (G) Transaction authorization failed, received unexpected actioncode from Global. 90909 The server is temporarily unavailable. Please use secondary url or retry later. The requested server is experiencing issues. Try using an alternate url or try request again. 900001 Internal Server Error Unable to load an internal server component. This error is non-recoverable and requires immediate support attention. 22 of 22
